Remaining Tasks:
Finish Collecting Data on Computer
	Complete Time Collection
	Create and test Rscript for Mem collection
	Begin and Complete Memory Collection

Finish the Preliminary Figures

Create agendea for discussions
  What to do about apparant alpha complex not working for 4D point clouds and higher?
	Do we need more/fewer parameters for the figures already planned out?
	Should we remove any figures?
	Should we add any figures?
	
Agenda: 
Limitation of Data Points
  Review the limitation table for time and memory
  Limitations for Rips Complex are based on number of points and feature dimensions
  Alpha Complex seems to be limited to 3D point clouds
  
  Where should we stop the data for each point cloud feature dimension?
  What should be the interval between number of points for each point cloud?
  What do we do about the alpha complexes?
  
Selection of Figures
  Fig 1: Runtimes of all libraries against torus
      This graph is a must
      
  Fig 2: Runtimes of all libraries against n-dim boxes
      This graph is limited by the number of points we can test on my laptop
      
  Fig 3: Runtimes of all libraries against n-dim annuluses
      This graph is limited by the number of points we can test on my laptop
      May be redundant with Fig 2. 
      Replace by holding feat.dim constant and increasing data dimension??
      
  Fig 4: Runtime of all libraries against 4D sphere by n-dim features
      This graph is limited by the number of points we can test on my laptop

  Fig 5: Object size of rips filtration on all point clouds by library
      Seemingly restricted to 3D point clouds due to alpha complex limitation
      
  Fig 6: Exec time of rips Filtration vs alpha complex on all point clouds
      Seemingly restricted to 3D points clouds due to alpha complex limitation


Discuss with Team The Figures and Plan Out Necessary Adjustments


Write
	Methods Draft
	Results Draft
	Discussion Draft
	Introduction Draft

Have Team Review 
	Methods Draft
	Results Draft
	Discussion Draft
	Introduction Draft

Get CCF ID
	Find/Call Mr. Pellechia
	
On CCF Computer
	Pull the directory into a DropBox Folder
	Test CCF specific Rscript files 
	Test the num.point and feat.dim limitations of computer
	Review the limitations and discussion points and modify the parameters to be collected
	Run Code and Collect Data
	Recreate Figures with new data

